is
timely I wasn't getting ready to go but
um Eric yes I'm letting them in as soon
as they uh show up in the waiting room
okay thank
you all
right keep getting
those so I am going to call to order the
town of Andover Board of Selectmen
regular meeting for Monday October 7th
2024 the time is
7:02 and our first order of business is
the Pledge of
Allegiance I pledge allegiance to the
flag the United States of America Amer
and to the Republic which it stands one
nation under God indivisible liberty and
justice for
all thank
you item two is public
speak uh I'm going to start with Diane
Grenier
Diane you're you're you're not being
heard okay while you work on that I'm
gonna
go to Elaine
Booker hi I'm signing on tonight to go
ahead and um make sure that we get a
full EDC
um operational
tonight that's on the it's on the agenda
so that's great thanks
okay uh I'll move to Rachel
Bowman Still Still
appr and we'll set for now Jeff thank
you all
right Katherine Hutchinson
one
working oh all these different Diane
you're good
now when I started somebody said they
could hear me and now they can't I don't
know what that means Diane we can hear
you now you can hear me yes so you're up
okay okay high tech stuff I'm
sorry
just hello everybody
um I just want okay let me
deep breath here thank you um there's
been some chatter out on the Facebook
page this weekend and I just wanted to
um I'm not sure everybody was part of
that or heard about it and I just wanted
to to comment on it and it has to do
with and I don't know where it this is
originating but it has to do with moving
the board of
Selectmen um meetings from Zoom to
inperson uh it seems that there's some
person or people out there who feel that
these Zoom meetings do not allow um
proper
um resident
participation um I know we have public
speak at the beginning public speak at
the bottom at the end of the meeting um
I never seem to have a problem getting
in there and having to say what I have
to say um many of you know um I have
been attending Board of selectman
meetings for almost 40 years I'm a
regular participant and I I rarely miss
a meeting I was doing these meetings
back when they were held at 3:00 in the
afternoon at the basement of the um town
office building at that time people
complained that uh it was unfair to
those that work people couldn't get to
the meetings because only six to 10
people would attend those meetings uh so
they moved it to 7 o'clock at night and
guess what uh 7 to 10 people would
appear at those meetings the same people
would appear at 3:00 or 7 o' um people
would complain that Tuesday wasn't a
good day Monday wasn't a good day um
it's dark I don't drive at night um it's
family time it's they they had a
plethora of reasons why they couldn't go
at 7 o'clock at night uh we moved to
during the pandemic they moved to the
zoom meetings and here we've got
um uh the same people are attending you
you rarely get more than 10 people
attending these Zoom meetings uh tonight
we have a lot of people and that's
because because there's obviously a Hot
Topic if there is a Hot Topic no matter
if it's in person or if it's Zoom people
seem to manage to get to the um to the
meetings um like say there was a lot of
discussion back and forth uh some people
have uh suggested a a hybrid where you
have both inperson and the zoom meeting
I think that's a great idea um either
way I go to the meeting so it's not like
I have a real problem with either way of
these um but I think I I don't know why
this is an issue I guess that's that's
my point because um people don't go to
these meetings for whatever reason again
unless there's a hot point and tonight
it looks like there's a hot point and I
suspect that uh tonight's topic is
probably the election um of a um for the
replacement of Paula King on the board
of selectman um and I'm just a comment
on that what you got like four or five
people um I'm surprised and somewhat
disappointed that since I go to all
these meetings I have never seen any of
these people attend a border of
selectman's meeting um it seems that
they would I would have thought that
they would have more interest um that
that that bothers me I would hope that
there there'd be more interest and again
this is your decision we don't get to
vote I think there's probably a lot of
people here um somebody has done get the
vote out and um is looking for support
um I'm not supporting any of the
candidates um like I say I don't know
any of them the only person I know is or
seen is uh Steve King that I know that
he's running for both uh State Senate
and the board of selectman in Andover
which I find disturbing it's um which
one do you want if you win as a senator
does that mean you're not going to be
bard of Selectmen so that's a problem to
me I didn't like it when liberman did
the same sort of thing like pick what
you want to do um but I don't know Steve
I don't know any of the the people um
I'm say I don't get the vote but I did
want to um just give you my comments
about board selectman meetings being
moved to in person being people you
really need to find a way to get people
to come to them and I think a hybrid is
probably the best way so I don't know if
that's be on the agenda or if that's
just jibber jabber out in the gutters of
Andover you know so thank you for your
ear thank you Diane uh Dave YT
uh just to Diane I'm not on Facebook but
I am in favor of a hybrid
meeting I like the iners I like the
conversations you can have with people
before and after meetings I think it
would be beneficial for the town to move
to uh in person as an
option Bob hamburger
this here is a spectator thanks you
gotta fix that there you go yeah nothing
to say just just here as a spectator
tonight thanks okay Katherine Hutchinson
I'll come to you
again okay
Carol nothing right now thank
you Wayne Kasich
nothing right now okay Steve
Willard hey Jeff thank you um yeah I
just want to uh throw my endorsement
again as I did last month's meeting
behind Joe Godwin um I just want you
guys it's up to you guys obviously like
Diane says we don't get we don't get our
say so I'm gonna have my save my two
minutes um I feel that uh Joe is much
more community-minded
um if anybody liked if if we were all
big fans of the way Paula
king um sat on the board I think Joe
Godwin is going to be the closest thing
to that um I don't I don't like what I'm
seeing with Mr King again I'll I'll Echo
Diane and say that I'm not sure I
understand um which direction we're
going whether it's senate or or
selectman um but I really think that uh
you guys you guys have a a little bit of
tough decision to make tonight but I I'm
going to throw my hat in the ring for
Joe Godwin and um I think that's going
he's going to be the best for the town
thank you all right thank you uh Mike
and Kathy
plazy well I'd like to thank uh I'd like
to thank you Jeff for um calling me so
many times to uh talk about the new
building and I appreciate that and the
fact that we did move moov to the new
building uh to have our lunch on Friday
we had a great time we really did um and
thank you very much for coming so early
to set up the tables and Carol Le which
she's always great she helps us 100% And
um we we really do have a wonderful
staff that we've put together mostly
Carol has put that together that I've
just approved it they're all great and
um they're they're really hard workers
they do a great job for us be uh
certified service from a Chili's there's
uh no other word for them they're just
fantastic group of three ladies that
come and serve us and we can sit there
and enjoy ourselves it was so beautiful
it was a great day it was sunny it was a
an excellent day outside as well as
inside uh uh representative uh Steve
weird was there he was our uh speaker
for the day as well as I asked uh Jeff
to please speak he did uh people the
seniors did have questions uh he
promptly answered them I was pleased
with that um and of course Eric was
there to support us as always and um I
just want to say we love the building um
we found it was a little tight but uh
when I say that it was a little tight we
had 42 people we don't normally have
more than like 35 36 something like that
when it's a special occasion like Diane
just said today or tonight it's a
special occasion that we're looking for
a new select person so uh good luck with
that with your decision and uh that's
all I have to say but thank you very
much
Jeff thank you Kathy Jeff
Ballard unmute can you hear me fine yes
sir um I'm want to speak on behalf of
the uh burnap clock uh and uh cre and I
and Dan F
have met uh last week and found a
suitable wall in the new Senior Center I
understand the concerns about not having
it in an old community room and I
totally agree with that uh I think that
this has been going on
for uh a long time and it may be at risk
of Daniel Pino pulling the clock and the
works and setting it up in his
daughter's house
and uh we have found well Ann will
attest to this that we found a suitable
wall where the bookcas is in the middle
room with the couches and that is the
place that it should be and I would hope
that the Border slotman would uh select
that as a place to have it set up Daniel
Pino is a contractor and will take care
of a fixing it into the wall which is
not a problem and not an issue and uh I
would like to see the uh the board of
Selectmen make a decision as to the
display of that clock on that wall in
the senior center where the seniors who
seem to have an appreciation for history
and the Antiques will be able to see it
it the room itself can be closed off so
it's not a disturbance for any meetings
or any any other um
concerns um is just a bell that goes
ding ding ding on the on the hour and
half hour and uh if you have read the 17
Page packet that Arthur lient prepared
on the history of that clock I think
that that that that should stand on its
own as being uh something worthwhile and
a very rare item that represents the
history and um culture of of the 18th
century and over
Connecticut all right thank you very
much Bill
Penn no there he hello um first of all
say I I don't know enough don't know
really know any of the candidates so I
can't
recommend um who I think is the
strongest candidate I don't know their
skills don't know their qualifications
or how these persons have served a town
or even taken an interest in the town
during their time as a resident um I
look forward to hearing the candidate
interviews and I trust a board of
Selectmen will evaluate the candidate
skills and select the one that best
supplements your current skill sets that
are make up our current four members and
again border of slman thank you for all
your time you do for the town good day
thank you uh Bob and Kim
Wallace okay I'm sorry I was having
trouble unmuting
um can you hear me yeah okay Bob and I
are both here publicly publicly to
support Stephen King for board Selectmen
as the only candidate endorsed by the
Andover RTC um I guess we're a little
confused as to why there is a discussion
um about why
the one second one second I'm I'm sorry
I'm sorry um Scott Hayden can you please
mute
yourself thank you um I'm sorry Kim go
ahead um yeah I'm sorry I'm not quite
sure what you didn't did or didn't hear
but I was just saying that Bob and I are
both here to publicly support Stephen
King for Board of Selectmen as we
understand he's the only candidate
endorsed by Andover RTC um we're a
little confused as to why there there
would be um someone else up for the
Republican spot uh who has not been
Republican and is not endorsed by the
Andover RTC thank you very much okay
thank you Scott
Hayden okay we'll move on Leanne
Hutchinson hello hello
hi this is lean did you call on me I am
right now yes ma'am okay thanks I was in
the process of unmuting myself um I
wanted to follow up on what Diane the
portion of Diane remarks about the
discussion about the board of selectman
meeting in person again or not I
strongly support the idea of a hybrid
meeting and my main point is that the
Acoustics in the community room just
have to be addressed they're very for
I've been in there for meetings and I've
been unable to hear people in the same
room and when you try to listen to it
I'm YouTube It's if the bard of Selman
goes back to using the community room or
any other board for that matter it's
very difficult to hear it's really a
disservice to anybody trying to listen
to a meeting and participate in its
entirety so I strongly support any
hybrid meetings um you know sometimes
it's just a personal preference to stay
home um unfortunately covid is not
literally over some people are imuno
compromised but the Acoustics in the
community room are are really poor and
need to be addressed I've not been in
the new community center I'll be in
there later this week um I was told that
one of the rooms is in about the same
shape I don't know that personally but
if if it's any room that's to be used as
a meeting space I would hope that it
would receive the same um improvements
in the Acoustics if that is an issue
thank
you thank you very
much um Kimberly
person nothing right now thank you Joan
Eber sorry took a minute to unmute I
just have a couple quick comments um I
am more in favor of keeping the zoom
meetings um I guess I would be in favor
of hybrid 2 I understand
points it's just those of us that do
hold down busy full-time jobs plus try
to serve our community on a board like
this um and want to be involved and go
to a lot of meetings it just it does
help out when they can be Zoom because
you are able to get home and um you know
be involved that way and going to like a
two or threeh hour meeting after a long
day without even trying to get a dinner
in there that that does make it kind of
difficult Dian but I understand the
camaraderie and it's fun to see people
too um moving on um I tend to stay out
of political discussions a lot because I
try to just vote on issues as I see them
but I have to be heavily in favor of
having a balanced board I think it makes
it very important on all the issues that
come forward amongst you know the our
leaders in our town so I would be more
in favor in and backing up I think it
was the Wallace that spoke about you
know if if one of the people that
especially on a board that already has
three on one side to really be in favor
of getting a Republican voted in this
time I just like to see balance I'm not
political okay moving on to that and I
hope whoever does get elected um I
attend a lot of meetings so I get to see
names or you know people faces that come
to meeting so I think it is important to
have had an interest in the town been
involved when I brought this up at the
board of Finance meeting though I had to
understand that a lot of people are busy
like all that are here tonight and they
can watch it on the the network you know
on the the television station that
broadcasts it too so just because we
don't see their faces they can see it
that way so I I can see that so
hopefully these candidates I'm looking
forward to hearing all of them as well
um you know I like to hear people on you
know what they're going to say what
they're going to present why they want
to be
a part of it and um good luck
tonight thank you I'd like to move on to
two cell phones and I'm just going to
repeat the last four numbers
2180 okay I'll move on to
6037 okay did I miss anyone that would
like like to add to public
speak um actually I did and I apologize
um
hello yes sorry I'm the 6037 I forgot uh
how to unmute um Dave Tibido um and my
name probably doesn't show up but I'm
here for a different reason but I like
to comment on what I've heard so far um
I think
that Dave one second are you running for
the
position yeah I have my name in okay so
then why don't we hold off until your
your time okay okay all right no worries
and then the other phone number
2180 and I'm gonna go over to Doris um
Doris I know your name is on the agenda
but if I understood your email correctly
you are a registered Democrat is that
accurate
actually I'm registered as um Working
Families and but that doesn't take into
effect I was told until next
month okay so so you are registered
Democrat now you're a member you're
trying to switch your to working well I
I already did in the summer but it
doesn't take effect until a few months
after
okay all right we we'll let you go uh
and participate in this and then
um we'll just we'll just be fair about
it and there's five people I think I I
think we have all five don't we we have
Stephen King we have Joe Godwin we have
Doris we have Joe Tibido oh um there was
one other member one
second
um well what I'm going to do is uh I had
received a message from
uh from a couple of residents the board
of Selectmen had received email
correspondence and uh I'm G to read the
emails so that everybody can participate
if that's okay um I'm gonna start and
and Jeff Murray please correct me if I'm
missing anybody because I tried to keep
all these up but if I miss somebody let
me know this is from correct I think we
only had three emails coming in so we
had three emails okay so let's make
let's make sure I read them all so this
one is from Liz loet she's new member of
the board of Finance hello Board of
Selectmen I am I am un unable to attend
Monday's Board of selectman meeting when
you'll be deciding on the replacement
for Paula king so I'm writing to let you
know my opinion as a resident and
taxpayer as to Paula's replacement
Stephen King is a legit Republican a
member of the minority party as required
for Paula's replacement not only he is
he an official registered Republican and
a member of the Andover Republican Town
committee he is the Andover Republican
Town committee endorsed candidate
Stephen has the qualifications the heart
and the commitment to serve in this
position Mr Godwin a registered
independent claimed in his letter to the
board that he had been registered as a
republican prior to moving to Andover
what evidence does he provide to support
his claim he then conveniently changed
his affiliation to ensure he would
qualify for admission to the board this
seems like a tactic for a possible left
leaning candidate to take over a
republican seat which could completely
upend the balance and Power in favor of
the
Democrats as a citizen and taxpayer who
voted for Paula King I feel that
selecting a candidate other than the
Andover Republican Town committee
endorsed candidate Stephen King goes
against the will of the vote and I
strongly urge the board of Selectmen to
consider the negative Optics of voting
against the endorsed candidate in
closing speaking as a resident and
taxpayer I am asking the board of
Selectmen to make the only correct
choice to vote Stephen King to fill the
vacant Republican seat on the board of
selecton respectfully Liz
lat and Jeff who was the other one I
thought I had another one
we just got one at six o'clock oh I did
I'll read that one off my phone give me
a second I kept that one up and then I'm
going to look for the other one yeah I
thought there was another one uh we
received an email from Steve
McCarthy and his is short I like this
one better I would like to express my
support for Stephen King I believe he
would be a good fit for this
position
and um um for some reason my email is
not going back far enough to find it so
I'm trying to get back to our meeting
because I think that email was sent
right
after uh I thought I sent well that
could be true I copied all of the emails
and tried to get them out in front of
this know that's David Tibido okay so uh
if I missed something I apologize I
don't really think I I missed anything
that um I see a excuse me um I see an
email back on September 30th from a
stepen love
lace okay let me find it yep that's it I
believe what day was that September
30th thank you so much yeah
but there it
is
scanlin Yankee
can someone read that because I can't
find
it I
can yeah oh I got I got it I
apologize Stephen love I was looking for
the email it was under a different uh
bagger dude at
AOL.com I am voicing my support for
Stephen King I also think this meeting
should be held in person at the Town
Hall Regards Steve LEL 308 Boston Hill
Road and over Connecticut
all right um I I will also tell you that
not in the packet I received
uh and I'm G to read this
because it's it's
a I received an email from the
Republican Town committee um
chairperson um
no I I W I won't read it because she
addressed it to Jeff to to to me and
Eric
um it's fine and Jeff what I'll do is
I'll send this to you and if you want me
to read it I will but let's uh let's get
moving on based on this matter we should
probably read all this into the
correspondence
Okay then if these if people didn't uh
if they couldn't come tonight and they
they took the time to Carol Carol is
Carol is not here so it's Carol Barton
and she so okay okay that's
that's she's not here so I might as well
read it um Jeff and Eric this mail email
is to remind you that the Andover
Republican Tom committee endorsed
Stephen King to fill the vacance vacant
vacancy position that Republican Paula
King created on the board of selectman
when she resigned
Stephen King is a true Republican not
one who only changed his party to
hopefully get an existing Republican
position you two are of the Democrat
Party and should not be soliciting to
fill position that we the Republican
Party found a person to fill the
Republican position and have endorsed
that said person also it would be a
smart idea to stop having Zoom meeting
Co is no longer causing large issues and
we now have two Community rooms that we
that need to be used for community
meeting all members of all boards and
commissions to return to normal meeting
resident should be advised that this
will be happening and hopefully
happening very soon thank you Carol
Barton and over Republican Town chair
and over
resident okay hey Jeff I've got one more
that came in on 106 I think that we
forgot okay it says it came
from Lorraine Fox cos costano
okay I would like to nominate Stephen
King of Andover Connecticut for seat on
the Andover Board of Selectmen I believe
that he will bring a particularly strong
set of skills to this role and that the
board will be fortunate to have him as a
member he is a dedicated and hardworking
extremely organized and focused on
learning and developing best practices
to manage any activities he may F face
working on the board I've known Stephen
King for many years and I've worked with
him in the same it department at the
University of Connecticut I hope you
will consider giving Stephen an
opportunity to be part of your
organization and serve the town of
Andover sincer
sincerely all right is there anything
else that needs to be read into the
record for um public
speak
okay let us move on to uh item three um
so I'm just letting everybody in the
public know
um that please mute yourself this part
of the meeting we're going to move on to
is for the Selectmen select people and
apologize and we will um we will be
bringing in the candidates to speak that
are available so
um we're going to move on so we're going
to go to item three additions changes
and changes to the agenda anybody on the
board have anything they want to add or
delete um are we going to have an
executive session to discuss the
candidates
uh we can have an executive session that
will require that all of the members of
the public will be needed to be put into
the waiting room uh we can add that um I
don't have a problem with
it so I'll second that
okay all right uh so we're gonna add uh
and we're gonna add Don dley would like
to contribute to the
conversation well I I Mr Denley is my
best friend
and as you know I was hopeful that he
would show up on time to participate in
public speak which is now well I've been
I've been online for 30 minutes waiting
for my turn I heard you give my number
2810 and I was unable to get through so
I got you were Don you were unable to
mute unmute
yourself maybe I don't know what it was
don don don here you go go ahead I'm I'm
reverting back to public speak to allow
Don dley to talk
you're welcome thank you Don dley
Lakeside Drive Andover I would like to
first of all address the meetings
obviously being a u a senior I much
preferred uh in-house personal meetings
because you got to Interchange ideas
with people in the audience and with and
with our elected officials but a hybrid
meeting would certainly be a a
reasonable compromise um as far as the
candidates go I would like to personally
endorse Stephen King I think is a he's a
Republican
nominated
uh uh replacement for Paula King who did
a great job I'll miss Paul King very
much he was a a great um Town Town
person who contributed to our in many
many different ways but Stephen King is
is the choice of the Republican Party
he's taking a republican seat the fact
that he's running for another office is
is really not that relevant I mean he
will certainly abide by all the meetings
and be a conscientious
participant and I think he'd be a fine
choice and I think that's the choice you
guys should make I know that it's a
primarily Democratic majority right now
but I think that um well I feel that
Stephen King would be the right person
for the job thank
you all right thank you Miss Jeff thank
you Jeff for letting me speak you're
welcome Don you know it anybody else
that I miss anybody anybody all right
everybody mute themselves so we have
have a a motion on the floor for an
executive session to be placed
[Music]
um we're gonna call
it please mute yourself please
Don we're gonna call
[Music]
it we're gonna call it
s 72 71
uh executive session and what we're
going to try to do is uh determine if we
need to speak about the candidates after
the interviews are over is that
acceptable to
everybody okay anything else we need to
add or
delete um I want to have a I know Eric
send me some information but should we
have some discussion over the proceeds
for the auction of the Public Works
equipment and where that uh where those
funds are going to be deposited
sure
um uh Jeff new business 10e it's fine
with me okay uh
proceeds
from can't we do it under 9g bid resol
for roadside
mower oh thank you it's just not the
roadside mower though we have other
pieces of equipment that we're selling
so we need to we could do it at the same
time okay I'm fine with
that we just am amend that line item to
say uh roadside Mower and other
equipment and trck how about we how
about we call it nine uh H and we just
say proceeds from equipment sales it's
fine with me I'll suck at that yeah
anything
else okay so um we have two uh items
that we're going to vote on one is an
executive session a 7-1 and uh
9h U discussion regarding proceeds from
equipment
sales all those in favor I
I okay all those oppose none all those
abstain none for
nothing
okay we're going to move on to item four
a board and commission presentations um
I'm assuming do we have any board or
presentations that I would hope we could
push till next
meeting Elaine are you doing anything
related to EDC I don't want to short you
but nope nope okay you just want to know
that we can deal with the get get the
appointments in yeah okay all right so
we're gonna move on from item four we're
going to move on to item five 5A um Liz
loket was appointed to the uh Board of
finance and that's just for
informational purposes only um
item
uh 5B the EDC requests
appointments so D um Elaine if you could
just tell us what you're what you're
asking for I saw sure yeah because
because we're a five-person board and
we're we're down to two people we don't
have a quorum so we can't by rights vote
in new members we have to turn to the
board of selectman to do so and we have
two people who now want to join the EDC
um Patrick dhy who was on the EDC before
and a great member but then he got a new
job and had to work second shift and
third shift so that's why he left the
board but now he's back to first shift
and pretty steadily and so he's rejoined
um planning and zoning and now he wants
to rejoin EDC and we certainly need him
because he would be he was before and
would be our liaz on to everything going
on in Planning and Zoning so we need uh
Patrick dhy um appointed and then um
Bata
gamsky um uh is uh also I believe on the
new um field Improvement um board
working on the uh new playground in uh
pickle ball and she's uh quite involved
um she's quite an involved resident
really in in other things involving the
town so uh she's a real
as I am so you know we we basically know
about this the sales and marketing and
all of that so that's a really good uh
position to have um information to have
so we would like it let me uh let me
just make a motion on those two because
I think it's great that they're willing
to volunteer for for the town so I'm
going to make a motion we point Patrick
uh dor dhy and Bea gamsky to the
EDC to uh and and I'm going to step one
back Elaine what's the term is the term
just a normal four years so they have
three years remaining uh it's twoyear
terms two so it's gonna expire in in
2025 all right so uh I'll rephrase this
I'm G to make a motion to appoint
Patrick dhy and uh beta gamsky to the
EDC for the term that expires in
2025 I'll second all right further
discussion on the appointments all those
in favor I right you for nothing thank
you thank you all right um resignations
Eric do we have any additional
resignations uh we do not okay um we're
gonna move on to item seven with the
this is elections for the board of
selectman position that is currently
vacant um as I said said to I sent out
an email to all the candidates uh on
Friday I told them that we would give
them an opportunity to speak I'm hopeful
to keep it at three minutes I'm gonna
time it I'll wave to everybody if we're
getting to it and then we're going to
give the members of the board of
Selectmen an opportunity to answer or to
uh ask any questions of any of the the
potential candidates um
um no I'm just going to we're just going
to move on so
um in the list it was done
alphabetically and I know that we have
Mr Godwin here we have Mr King I know we
have Doris I saw her and we have David
Fido Jose
Rivera uh sent an email earlier
today and uh when we get to him I will
read the email
so uh Mr God when you're first on the
list um I will ask that you you uh you
provide us some information and what
I'll do is um we'll see how it goes and
if I have to wave at you I wave at you
is that acceptable yes sir that works
and you can mute me if you need to as
well so oh I try never to do that I
don't want to do that all right
um um any of the other members of the
board of selectman have any other issues
as to how we go about this anybody want
to say anything before we get
going all right Mr Godwin the floor is
yours right thank you everybody and
thank you for the opportunity to talk I
do apologize my presentation skills um
our little Zapped have been working down
in Southwest Virginia getting folks
power on so heading back home uh tonight
and tomorrow so looking forward to be
back um you know just going a little bit
about me um you know when I when I first
saw this position open up I saw actually
multiple vacancies as as we all did um
you know and it's not something I had
considered ahead of time um but saw an
opportunity to serve serve the uh the
town so uh figured i' put my hat in in
in the ring and uh hopefully be useful
uh for the town and be helpful for for
our residents um you know kind of clear
the air uh you know I was never a
registered independent um and no offense
Jeff or an but I've never been um uh I
never been accused of being a Democrat
so it's a little Twilight Zone to me to
uh to hear that um but I guess that's
what I'm asking for putting my hat in
the ring and be in politics as what they
are um I am a conservative so I'm hoping
just kind of give a quick overview of
who I am so I'm originally from the gr
New London area I moved away to
California in Louisiana moved around a
little bit with the military and then uh
back to Connecticut in 2019 so could
have landed anywhere in Connecticut um
you know wanted to kind of have a close
uh mix between home and family and work
and uh driving around we we settled at
Andover so we really love this small
town feel um you know we we we
appreciate that uh we had three children
at the time going all going to AES and
we found Ram the school district very
appealing and decided to to settle here
uh we've had a fourth child uh in the
town again he's going to AES so they're
all huddled there along with my wife
who's a teacher that
um and you know we have a heart for our
kids and you know I think our our level
of involvement is probably been uh not
as much as we would like just because
there's bedtime at six seven o'clock but
we're we're getting intoing a new phase
of um of life and having a little bit
more time in the evening so looking to
to to serve in a capacity that'll be
helpful to the town outside of work uh
I'm an elder at Hein Church of Hope
right down the road uh most of you are
aware of it you probably drive by it all
the time with Big Red Barn uh a Little
White Church in the center of Hein so
you can find me there on Sundays um and
that's what I do outside of work uh but
as far as professional experience goes
uh I'm an emergency manager uh I oversee
the Emergency Management program for the
state of Connecticut's uh ever for
eversource state of Connecticut um and
previously I was doing Emergency
Management in the oil gas industry and
my introduction to that profession was
through the United States Coast Guard so
I went through Kate May New Jersey
Yorktown Virginia and um you know
through that experience and Consulting
doing oil and gas and government uh I've
worked with every single level of
government so uh from your small towns
in the middle of nowhere to uh you know
all the way up to the white house uh
doing reports and and working with uh
with different leaders um you know I've
got a proven track record of solving
complex problems uh and I use project
management program management and change
management techniques to do that and um
you know I have served the town before
in a different Capac it um you know you
kind of see a need fill a need uh we had
a traffic issue around the lake that you
know unbeknownst to me was an issue for
a long time um you know speeding around
the lake so uh served as the traffic uh
safety committee chairman uh did that we
saw some some efforts around the lake to
to do some traffic calming measures so I
worked with Eric and and the team uh and
and yourself to to do that um so why me
well I you you know I'm not a politician
guys I'm not going to pretend to be one
um I just want to give back to the
community you know I served in the uh uh
the volunteer fire department for a
little bit covid hit uh my son has bad
asthma so kind of had to bow out of uh
doing volunteer firefighting uh but you
know I enjoyed that group of guys and I
can't speak enough about them uh worked
with Steve um you know we've had
emergencies at our house and Steve is
one of the guys that showed up in his
pajama pants so you know you look at
this Comm community and you know the
people that are in it and it's very
tight in it and we're not planning on
going anywhere so I just want to give
back my time and energy and then you
know again leader proven track record
I've vested interest in the town for uh
not only myself but my children um you
know I'm a conservative I value people
and I I value individual freedom and
again I you know just looking at that I
do have a good balance of being a
Visionary and uh a pragmatist so you you
know I I like to hear everybody's
viewpoints Vantage points uh everybody's
perspectives I think they're valuable
and should be considered um things like
you know the hybrid Zoom inperson Board
of Selectmen meetings I think I think
there a valuable opinion that that has
some some consideration to be had and
then I think my current skills would
complement uh the board of Selectmen as
they are now um you know I I did switch
to a republican um but you know that
that's what I was was back in Louisiana
Southwest or Southeast Louisiana and um
I was unaffiliated um for a while while
I was up here and um it I guess it
wasn't relevant in the time uh again I'm
not politically motivated in in that
fashion so um but I am a conservative
and and so being a republican is is
something that um that I do embody so
that's uh that's all I really have to
say I appreciate everyone's time thank
you Joe thank you um any members of the
board have any questions for Joe Mr
Godwin Joe you do you have you sure that
you have time for the board selectman
position yeah absolutely you know the
trip that I'm on right now doesn't
happen but every three years or so uh
when we start looking at catastrophic
storms and moving out of the area and
then with my kids they're all gotten to
the age now where I do have time in the
evenings um so yep I will be able to I I
can't uh jump on an ambulance at at at a
whim but I definitely can make time to
uh to engage in the town thank you thank
you what happens next week when you have
another category five come through
Florida well won't be me it'll be
somebody else thankfully so
yeah okay uh anyone else yeah Jee I'd
like to ask me a few questions sure go
ahead um Joe you mentioned you were a
cons strong conservative and you
mentioned that two or three times during
your discussion and if that conviction
was so strong then why didn't you not
register as Republican join the
RTC partake election as Republican and
um question number two you said you were
on the Safety Committee um you did
address some speeding I'd like to know a
little bit more about your experience
with the fire department and um you you
mentioned it so I want to know uh what
was your involvement with the fire
department and are you still a
member yeah no great great questions um
you know yeah so I am a conservative I'm
a Conservative Christian I'm
conservative fiscal conservative as well
um and you know registered down in in
Louisiana I registered as a republican
as soon as I could vote voted
Republican um moving up to Connecticut
um you know there was questions of the
the political uh field I didn't know
what was what to be honest with you uh
living down South for as long as I did
there was differing views of what to
expect uh moving back up north so um I
went unaffiliated which means I I didn't
pick a party um you know and that gave
me some time to really digest the the
political field and you know how I was
going to vote you know I typically vote
um you know Republican um you know
there's not I don't think there's a
situation um in which I wouldn't um you
know but I am considered bipartisan uh I
don't you know I don't
do you know I don't I don't devalue
other people's views if that makes sense
um but yeah so you know I didn't see the
the need to to go Republican because I
was Voting Republican uh again I'm not a
politically motivated person um but I do
vote and um you know the RTC did reach
out uh once I saw the the newspaper ad
about the vacancies uh and by that time
they had already endorsed in a candidate
uh so there wasn't even time to engage
um from that format um and to be honest
I hadn't heard of the RTC um in town I
don't think there's been any Outreach
that I've seen um so wasn't sure you
know really what to expect with that um
and again my my level of time to to
commit to Pure politics um you know is
is I feel better served with my family
instead of uh pure politics so anyway um
yeah and then the fire department you
know I come from a family of
firefighters you know so I wanted to uh
kind of do some of that as well uh so I
joined and uh participated rode the uh
the ambulance with with Kim and uh Karen
quite a bit and Scott um doing lift
assists I didn't go to the academy um
I'm not a you know a certified
firefighter um but you know did did help
out jumping on those ambulances um and
and helping some of our residents around
the area that needed it um and then Co
hit and things got a little bit
different so I did I did bow out um and
uh and I'm not I'm not a member anymore
of the fire department but again um
still still have those relationship ship
so okay like my concerns are as being a
conservative I mean when I moved to
Andover the first thing I did was look
up the RTC and I joined that was the
first thing I did so I'm a little
concerned as a Republican and the only
person that's on this board why he chose
to re register as a republican on the
last day before this was going to
close um it's just an issue that I have
why you weren't a republican from day
one and it's just it bothers me a little
bit and
um I'm I kind of question it so yeah
that's a fair point that yeah there's no
deviant um intentions but I I understand
uh I would like to make a comment that I
I spoke with three of the leaders at the
fire department today they
all they all said about the same thing
in different way ways but they said that
Joe was a very very nice guy for one
thing you know M
morally good a hard worker
intelligent
smart um these are the three leaders
down at the fire department they told me
had nothing but good to say about Joe
Godwin the only reason he got out of the
fire department because he had too many
uh things going on at
home Scott and that brings to my concern
as a board of selectman member we all
know how hard this job is and how
sometimes we need to do things at the
drop of a half
and it does pull a lot on us and it does
pull a lot on our family and so we need
somebody
that's needs to step up when they need
to step up so um and he and he and he
just said that he would yeah well okay
um unless anybody has any direct
questions for the candidate I'd like to
move on anybody
else and okay all right uh Mr King you
are next um
I obviously Mr King I have some
flexibility in the time so we're going
to give you what you need so you go to
it I'll try to hold to the three minutes
I know that this could run late tonight
um first and foremost uh my last name is
King and I am not any relationship to PA
king um but I would like to thank the
border selecton for considering me as a
replacement for my fellow Republican PA
King uh a couple of things I want to
start with first um you've probably seen
some signs with my name on it running
for state senate
um I don't expect to win uh in in
launching a political campaign or uh uh
aspirations it takes a couple Cycles to
gain traction before you can even begin
to muster up the type of votes needed
especially in uh uh The District 4 which
is uh uh predominantly blue so I don't
expect to win this election cycle um I'm
nearing retirement and I've also freed
up a a great deal of my time uh recently
retiring from the state military so I
have a lot of extra time on my hands and
I'm looking to um especially after
becoming a grandfather this past or last
spring last year um trying to promote
some change maybe I can make a
difference and and do some things uh and
if I I I don't want to get to a
situation where um I haven't at least
triy so that that is the reason why you
see my name on the signs um it certainly
will not impact
uh my ability to serve uh as a member of
the board of Selectmen in any way sh
form so my name is Stephen K and I've
been an Andover resident for some 14
years now live on burnap Brook Road with
my wife Julie who was born and raised
here in Andover her mom still lives here
on Pine Ridge in the home that she was
raised in um we are here to stay and I
hold only the best interest of our
community the residents and my neighbors
at heart and seeking
disappointment since my resum resume was
not included in the package
provided I'll give you a little
background to or a little brief on my
background um I have a Bachelor of
Science and management information
systems postgraduate certification in
healthcare information technology and I
have over 40 years of experience in
design implementation and support of
critical technology initiatives uh I'm
employed at Yukon Health going on 12
years now a little over 12 years where I
manage high performance Computing data
storage and virtualization Technologies
provided to the Yukon campuses including
support for approximately $350 million
in Grant funded research I'm chairman of
the board and chief range safety officer
for the Andover Sportsman's Club here in
Andover Connecticut certified n
instructor Chief range safety officer
and a chief instructor for the
Department of energy and Environmental
Protection I donate my time to teach
conservation education and firearms
safety Statewide I am a federally
licensed Firearms dealer and the owner
of Hot River Trading LLC a a successful
small business that I started many years
ago which uh I manage estate
liquidations high-end collections
appraisals and sales
I'm also the president of the E
Connecticut gunild which by Statute
holds a seat on the state pistol permit
review board couple things I want to say
about um the proceedings and what's
happened uh to date I'd like to point
out to the board um those present and
the voters of Andover that I am the only
Republican party endorsed candidate
seeking appointment our Charter
recognizes State statutes which identify
a maximum majority of three from a party
of a board of Selectmen when there are
five total seats the remaining seats
must allow for minority representation I
also must point out that the state
statutes are clear in identifying that
if an elected member of a minority party
resigns during their term which Paula
did they must be replaced by a
representative of the very same minority
party therefore the currently vacant
seat the currently vacant seat must be
filled by a
republican now the Optics of changing
one party changing one's party at zero
hour for the mere purpose of qual
qualifying for this seat and minority
represent ation do not reflect well and
should raise suspicion not only by this
board but by all the residents of
Andover I am the only properly vetted
and as I stated endorse candidates
seeking this
position I trust that you will find my
qualification satisfactory along with my
skills to fill the void left by Paulo
who supported a lot of the technology
used by the town I'm happy to donate my
time now that I have some free time and
look forward to a strong and successful
bipartisan working relationship if you
allow me the opportunity to serve thank
you
all right thank you very much uh anyone
have any questions for Mr
King well I I have one um Mr King you
said you're you're running for the
current state senate seat but you don't
expect to
win but you went you went on to sit
there and state that you were trying to
uh build up name recognition for future
endeavors and what would those future
endeavors be your your goal is to become
a state senator or hold higher
office when I retire in uh it's looking
looking to be three to four years uh if
the opportunity presents myself to run
as a state senator um I will do so I
would like to do
so
okay no no other
[Music]
questions I'll ask Steve a question like
what what else what else do you do in
town besides the Anover Sportsman Club
and what does the Anover Sportsman's
Club contribute to town and how are you
involved in that I had that question
asked of me today um we do a lot of uh
uh events that raise money and we uh
raise money and food for the uh uh food
pantry do you know how much you donate
every year to the to the food pantry do
you have a
general it's probably in the
neighborhood of well there a lot of food
so um
anywhere from $800 to $1,200 worth of
goods a year through the through the
charitable events we
do okay anyone else have any questions
an um most of my questions he's answered
already here
okay
Scott good Jeff all right
um um Mr King thank you um thank you
Doris
Maldonado I know you were on the call
earlier yes I
am all right some time you I think
there's an a delay but uh good evening
every everyone and I appreciate your
time I definitely am not um reg I did
not know actually the public notice that
uh specified only that uh interest
interested residents should uh apply as
long as they weren't Democratic um so
all were invited to apply which is why I
applied the reason why I haven't been um
haven't applied or participated on this
board has been because I've participated
on the board of education with um uh
with funding opportunities I just moved
here um with my children two years ago
in August and as soon as I moved in I
started to um to connect with uh Town's
people and um and the board of education
so uh I was the a little bit about me uh
I was uh appointed by the governor as a
chair of the development disabilities
Council um which is federally funded and
I've served as chair Statewide and
nationally uh on several boards and uh
regarding disabilities I was born with a
disability so um I take that very close
and it's near and dear to me and which
is why I've um afforded some
opportunities and connections for
Andover as soon as I moved in with the
administration the federal
Administration with for community living
for uh and so that Andover can receive
or apply for some funding um to make us
more accessible uh in the at the
community center and other locations if
possible through the board of education
and other opportunities um I've worked
as a I've worked and advocated um and
trained um communities from the life on
the lifespan from birth to um aging as
to their legislative rights and when I
say birth to lifespan I mean their
parents and their communities so I would
love to be a resource if I am not um
eligible for this and I'm sorry if I'm
I'm taking up your time but I wanted to
formally introduce myself and um wanting
to help when I can and uh offer
opportunities we're a small town and I
I'm I'm making my my uh I'm rooting
myself here with my children um we did
come from West Harford and then Berlin
before that Connecticut and so I'm very
invested in every community that I live
in because I'm trying to leave a better
place for my children and my my fellow
community members I've spoken with many
of our leaders in Town um and trying to
connect and I have um I have volunteered
and reached out to to community members
so thank you for I am also a substitute
teacher um and I I am a certified
teacher so whenever I have the
opportunity I do um help out um thank
you for your time and I wish you well in
this
endeavor Jeff you're muted
my bad I did it dley I apologize um uh
Doris thank you very much for uh for for
participating um you know I would tell
all the members of the community to
volunteer as much as they possibly can
so thank you very much um any of the
other members have uh any questions for
Doris yeah just quick question did joris
did you just change your party
affiliation from Democrat to Working
Families correct yes in the sum I did
yeah so you have the three-month rule so
that makes you I think it's she's
eligible to run for this position the
reason why I applied as I mentioned
before was because the Public Notices
said that anyone other than Democrats
could apply and at the time when I saw
the notice I was other than a Democrat
so it wasn't clear for me but thank you
understood all right anyone
else okay um
we're now going to move on to um Mr
thibo I know you are on the
call I
miss there you go okay
sir thank you
for no I appreciate the opportunity I
know I was late coming into this uh
application
process um I think that from what I've
heard so far you're not going to go
wrong by whoever you choose um I feel
like I need to endorse even King
but I'm kidding but uh congratulations
Stephen I'm becoming your grandfather
and uh to Joe uh for someone that thinks
he doesn't have good presentation skills
uh they are pretty good but um you know
I'm not going to pretend to be a
politician I'm not um the reason that I
have applied for this position was
merely because I believe that there
needs to be a paradigm shift in
government that it no longer needs to be
treated the way it has been in the past
and it needs to be more treated like a
business because it's just too
large um government needs to seek other
Revenue besides
taxes and being an
engineer um I've worked many years um um
overseeing multi-million dollar programs
in Aerospace industry and realizing that
um in both Military and Commercial
military obviously is easy pickings but
um the commercial industry is not and um
budgets are very important and knowing
how to manage a budget and um being able
to manage contractors and reducing costs
are very important and since I left
Aerospace I've been working in
manufacturing for the last uh 10 11
years and reducing cost in their
business reducing cost over 50%
in just their
overall um expenditures on what they
spend on you know electrical and and
things like
that
so I being an engineer I think
differently than than most people and I
think some members of your board can
understand that that I am a problem
solver and I have been for many years
and I've been trained to problem solve
and to look outside the box and figure
out solutions
that are not clear to most people that
maybe there's another
alternative of Revenue sources and
things like that um to bring money into
the community that is not merely
taxes um as everyone knows we're
taxed so much in every way and it seems
like government today looks at well what
are different ways I can tax can I tax
on the air that they breathe can I tax
on the water that they drink you know it
it it's becoming a little bit ridiculous
that I think that government and I'm not
talking about our local government I'm
not talking about this committee I'm
talking in general that there is just
no looking differently at how to be how
to create Revenue other than
taxes and I know there are Revenue
sources other than taxes I don't
know
um the resources that are involved in
getting them but
I feel like the Paradigm Shift needs to
happen not only in local government but
in all government that you can't just
rely on
taxes
to run your community or your or your
country Mr I think that we're seeing
that can we can we I I I I'm sure
everyone appreciates that but on a local
level do you have anything else you want
to express to us regarding this position
well I mean I My Views are are expressed
at the local level as well okay I mean I
think that even at the local level you
can create revenues other than um
taxes and um you know I'm thinking
as someone that's not a
politician um it may not be a popular
opinion but that's just how I feel and
maybe I'm
not you
know I don't think the way that you do
but um I think that there's other ways
of thinking outside the
box okay does any of the any of the
members of the board of selectman have
any questions from Mr
Tibido all right Mr tiido thank you very
much for participating we appreciate it
um thanks uh Mr Rivera Jose Rivera he
sent an
email he didn't copy emails on this but
I will read
this Mr Tibido please mute yourself
um this is from Jose Rivera or David
Rivera so he's like I appreciate your
consideration for the vacancy I
unfortunately will be working on Monday
2 Shift 3: to 11: p.m. and will not be
able to attend I have been a nurse since
2015 prior to that I was I was licensed
in the insurance industry I have been a
registered Republican since I was 18
years old I am now 49 my motivation to
apply uh to apply for the position of
selectman is the desire to make a
difference in the lives of my community
in a positive way I have never served in
such a position in my position as a
nurse I have come across thousands of
individuals in their time of need
offering guidance care and empathy for
points of view that may not have been my
at the time in the end the goal was
always to serve so with that I feel I'm
ready to serve my community for the for
the better being a part of the process
is what compelled me to apply my only
reluctance is that I'm still working so
if being readily available is a
requirement then I see an obstacle in me
serving due to my working schedule if
any consideration can be made for the
scheduling of meetings and voting on
issues I would appreciate that I look
forward to hearing from you and thank
you for your consideration Jose David
Rivera
um that being said we have now completed
the candidate
interviews
um I'm assuming that the board would
like to go into executive session is
that accurate or
not
yes okay someone needs to make a motion
to to that extent make a motion we go on
Executive
session second that and K second to that
okay all those in favor I I so members
of the public we're GNA have to put you
in the waiting room and um Eric you're
gonna stop recording on this and once um
and and we're not going to invite anyone